High-performance computing, we're now ready to move into C++.
Well so far, everything we've done has been in Python and
Python is a great language to learn how to program computers.
It's a great language to do rapid prototyping,
but it's not very good for interfacing to
low-level hardware and is not good for computing.
It has to be very precise in its timing.
When you talk to self-driving car companies,
most of their code is actually written in C++,
because it's much more precise in its execution.
So, we want you now to move into C++,
but before we do this,
we want you to self-diagnose what your knowledge level really is.
So, we are going to start with a few questions,
you don't have to answer them,
but if you have a hard time answering those questions,
you might want to brush up a little bit before you dive into the Hallstein C++.